They're still together
Here, I thought mr. Snider had moved on from that one. Hi, Sarah. Hi
How are you my face isn't swollen anymore, so that's good. I should apologize to you. She doesn't think I'm a bully, huh?
Hey, can I talk to you man? Sure. I'm going to the ladies room. Look. I just wanted to apologize
You didn't deserve a punch in the face. Well, I think I just get a little protective Sarah
That's not an excuse
So sorry. Hey, man. How are you? Look you've got nothing to worry about. I view Sarah like a little sister. It's just you and me now
Courtney
Come down
Relax
Where Sarah she's been in the ladies room for about 15 minutes now, sir
We're not sure where the we should go in or not. No
Something's definitely wrong. I'm going in want me to leave Elliot so you can have him. Is that it?
Yeah
So you either walk away or I make you disappear. That's never
No one's gonna save you now, honey
Sarah you better pray to God that my Sarah was okay
Let me go out of the way
Sure, Ken
Thank you for you did it. I seriously
Young man, you better take care of her if you expect to keep her. I'm sorry. Are you giving me orders?
She's my wife
I expect to keep her my wife for the rest of my life. Thank you very much
Don't worry, sir. Both the patient and the baby are gonna be fine. You got her pregnant
You monster
Again, not sure what her pregnancy has anything to do with you
So if you excuse me to see my wife
This is all my fault
She's been there to protect her. Hey, man. You're doing everything you can. Don't be so hard on yourself
Why don't you stay here with her?
I'm gonna go pay Ms. Courtney Clark a business
Find out what you can about Thomas Morgan and his relationship with Sarah
Please be okay, sir. Please be okay. In the hospital. Be okay
Hey, hey, don't worry the baby's okay doctor said you need rest
This is all my fault. I should have been there to protect you. I should have been a better hospital
Ever since I met you I've just never been won't I get you out of here?
What the biggest most amazing wedding ever, okay?
Really?
With all of you guys. Why don't you rest up?
Look at you some water, okay?
Jamie, what's happening? What are you sure? He's her father afraid so boss and the Morgan's have made a fortune running firearms and drugs
along the East Coast in the 80s and have made some generational wealth and how
What does that mean for her? How does that how does that affect Sarah since you haven't officially announced your marriage yet?
That means other people from other powerful families might come after her
Don't worry. What she recovers will have a wedding and everyone already got it. That is Mr. So much
Mr. Snyder
It's Thomas Morgan. I think it's about time. We officially met. I had to go home to work baby, but I'll take you back
Okay, it's okay. You go ahead. See you later
You really think I'd bring a gun to meet my father-in-law?
Never be too careful. Come on. Let's sit
Can I have for you drink
So what's this all about Mr. Morgan?
Sarah's mother and I were
Constantly on the run
either to new opportunities
Or away from the police
When Sarah was born
We didn't know how to raise her. We took her to an orphanage and
Her mother died shortly after that
Now I know a parent should never be separated from their child. So you can imagine how I felt when I found her
I even sent my man Bruce to keep an eye on her
Bruce is your man. You sure are absent a lot Elliot and you keep allowing Sarah to get into danger
That's not true at all. You know it's not true. The last time I saw was in an emergency room
How do you explain that? Sarah struggled in life because she had no family to rely on
She does now. It's time that you leave her so I can find her a real man to be your husband. Get out
Come on Elliot
Pick up. Come on. Come on. Come on. Pick up. Get out. Get your fucking hands off me
I'm never gonna leave Sarah
Especially know the deadbeat dad that left him a dust. How dare you?
You have no idea the shit I've been through. I don't care
Doesn't even excuse me a bad dad. Oh, we're done here
Don't let me see you run Sarah again
Courtney
Hello, you busted my knee. How about I return the favor? That's right
What do we do with her?
You're in front want money, right?
Put out a ransom
Make Elliot pay. Once you guys get your money
Give her a slow and painful death. What about him? I don't care. I'm on him. I'm on this one
Dubbed the body usher
No, come to make a cup. Pick up. Pick up
Jamie take a detour to the bank. Which bank boss? Any bank
I'm gonna be Sarah home. I'm gonna kill her and get this
Your career knows no end. Does it?
There it is. Oh
He's not a part of this. Let him go. You're a no-place to paint a ghost you're eating Elliot
Besides I don't give a damn about your money
Honey, honey, wait up
I'm not leaving without her. That's just too damn bad. You ain't got a choice
It's $10 million. I'm gonna be rich. Oh, yeah
Wait, don't you mean we? I'm sorry honey. Oh
Crap
Have you ever loved before Courtney? I'm feeling you'd be willing to die for what the hell are you talking about?
You've never loved today in your life. Have you?
Hey, hey, and you okay?
Don't you see if I've ever loved any man. It's you and if I can't have you
I'm sure as hell are gonna be the one to end you
That way you're always mine. You did always have a soft spot
But it also made you weak. Is this just you mean?
Love is in the weakness Courtney. Are you okay? Please I was wrong about Elliot
They're perfect together
They look so beautiful. You're not so bad yourself mr. Snyder. You're waiting for this moment in my whole life
Me too as long as you both shall live I do